#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html

absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
albumentations==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
augmentor==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via mbstrdecoder
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataproperty==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via keras
filelock==3.13.1
    # via torch
flatbuffers==24.3.7
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via torch
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.62.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.6
    # via requests
imageio==2.34.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
keras==3.0.5
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.5.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via imgaug
mbstrdecoder==1.1.3
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   typepy
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
namex==0.0.7
    # via keras
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   augmentor
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via imgaug
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   kornia
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorflow
    #   typepy
pandas==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pathvalidate==3.2.0
    # via pytablewriter
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   augmentor
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pytablewriter==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via albumentations
requests==2.31.0
    # via tensorflow
rich==13.7.1
    # via keras
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via albumentations
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
shapely==2.0.3
    # via imgaug
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabledata==1.3.3
    # via pytablewriter
tcolorpy==0.1.4
    # via pytablewriter
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.36.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.2.12
    # via scikit-image
torch==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kornia
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   augmentor
typepy[datetime]==1.3.2
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
